even those feet are probably all over the place. How could he do the three-year-olds a Tap Dan really who suggested this to him? I have no idea it was probably my sister-in-law's idea.
Because I think they saw that movie tap right then the movie with that really hot tent for that kid.
He was actually here 2 weeks ago. Yeah, he's a teenager, but he you seen them? No, I just read an article on him. You probably read the same exam in your article.
Yeah, he doesn't realize a human being can't chat right? I think we're talking about how he's teaching these classes, and I guess he really goes fast. Yeah, you can't handle it down.
To like one fifth speed, or something before they can pick it I'm.
Sure Thomas is all over wondering about those like yeah that's what I can see is being hauled around the whole wack and the zip.
Yes, it's just like grow back really fast i'm really soft to start with.
I made it rubber. that's it that's Why, little kids usually don't break their legs, anyway. but they are more currently Arctic.
Yeah, there's this calcium in departments but also there's still a growing, and the way bone and grow is you make car lich, and then you advise the calcium in it. So that's why they always have more
flexibility, because there's a growing you're making perlit.
So they always have that until they reach it. over which case they do create stops.
That, too. What do you plan on doing with dancing you're taking some fast as last fall?
I'll take a few more as well turns out as a spouse.
I get in free all right. So a great class Oh, really that's why you married her.
Oh, I cannot believe you Aren't you guys gonna stick out for me, and be that bonnie or something he's bigger than you.
No, my friends, and we all see that I still got for you today at that store.
That's true. you did you made me get the image for the green scarf.
That's right, he's my fashion consultant today I wasn't.
That's right I don't know where it is done store, and the clerk kept trying to keep us interested while she was buying.
Know how to try and the men's close i'm going to suggest it that so you wouldn't be so bored.
So they tried on the men's clothes, and had very small selection of men's clothes.
They tried these really great pants, and looked really good in them so they didn't buy them.
You have. boys are, and everybody kind of broke broke. Students are appropriate.
Is that there is a tape that's a tape where is it coming from with the speakers?
You know these boxes you must have get stereo because I feel like I'm.
Here we have a These are like we're all relevant speakers.
These are the shiny speakers on earth besides one room and kids.
I thought that was a real thing. Think we have like a kid that was going to say, Is there somebody downstairs playing?
And that was when I first thought. but it's like the riots. Come on, let's go to the other store.
For some reason sound like was out there's also parties across the street.
That's fun, too. and teenagers kissing each other on the side of more gives sight peak backyard and the frontier.
So I so what if it's like well I went out one morning I saw all around it was like on the back bumper of the honda, too.
So I thought ocean, or try to wipe that off like I got one out of wet rag and wiped it off the car, and it came off really easily.
And then I saw there was this whole tube of live across the street.
Kids are sitting at the gutters and she's pregnant with another one.
They're gonna have another whichass protein the mother But does she even have a man?
I guess she must. Does she have a What a man she has!
Some of these chamber early, and they were banging their their soccer ball up against her.
Below the bedroom. The study went. you mind moving right from there?
Thank you I felt such an old lady there's 2 no there's there's 2 young ones in one who's like 12 who has friends.
The cow, the older cow and then there's the middle cow, and there's a little young cat the butterball.
They used to have this little butterball right when we first moved down here.
But to be running around in the street with his diapers on.
And then, by the time me once the top 20 so fat and he's, you know, a year and a half years years old.
But you yourself, you're and a half old here's the happier school.
They're 10 I can't how do you she just looks pregnant.
She's totally pregnant it's not eating too much she's pregnant.
So I guess. I mean this just happens or we're in a baby's crying it's not worse than her screaming at. Never know.
Yeah. False? Yeah. right? probably like shut up you. I feel as far as any subject, because they have no respect.
Most. you top masks Where? Yep, I guess the ones the lower women.
Is that what they look so different? Oh, I mean it where you see their eyeballs like was in addition to a mustache and beer.
But the thing is the second one looks like the guy who was in one of the little over skins who was like the second one from the top, looks like a guy who was in the Obama skate What's in over over the Brazilian troops.
That was here dancing, and it looks like a real actual person doing this kind of thing.
No, just like, you know. I mean, that looks kind of like a black person with red eyes and everything.
So. Where is this? From Susan? From Africa? Is it?
No, but that present looks fine. we're going to do in the need which one, Huh!
I look at anything. Yeah, that looks like a brother that's interesting, because I think I know nations or people who have been to Indonesia think that those guys like the 2 top ones have really European characteristics compared to donations
just as their eyes are realizes are big Oh, really, asians have real thin ice and flat noses, and stuff.
It goes well, the bottom that's what they all have no they all have big noses, but they get bigger as you go up.
What do you think, Mason? look African there mustaches visit the little hearing goes?
Oh, no, that's not even relevant I just glanced at that, and I literally saw this guy's face. and Obama.
He looks like that guy. poor Guy Boulding Eye, because I remember he came to buy he after one of the shows when I stomach footing.
Well the top that's a real fit we don't know this black liver, Jackie, and this black one through Hood.
And a friend of mine. Yeah, she didn't want to dance with him anymore. Why, he just wanted to get close to me.
I can't blame him, but i'm sure those guys get a lot of attention from women.
They travel all over the world i'm sure a lot of women build themselves So that's what they expect from women groupies fringe benefits big.
The only fringe bit of being a dancer fallen.
Hmm! I didn't know this but currently in brazil They have a very, very high ease affection really is supposed to be very high.
It's something like 40% of males in the bay area or last July.
This is what she Doesn't seem that can be true But she said that 90% again for Hiv positive and 50%, all males great.
Tell me about that. Yeah, it was like half or worth a half of and it was fairly young then, but it had been exposed to Hiv virus.
It wasn't necessarily that they were infected Well, if you had Hiv positive it's the same difference, since they feel that sooner or later you'll come down with the actual disease. But that's what she said now I
don't know if she met the bay area of San Francisco, but those are some ferocious numbers of what?
Not a 2 guys you meet because there are a lot of women out there who apparently don't believe in using condoms.
I'm just amazed Yeah, I heard absolutely mainly urban areas that had this really disproportionately high report percentage.
And then, like a rural area, that sort of like the Central Iowa and stuff had like 10% or less of the name.
Well, I would as soon as hampshire was higher than most cities that just move me away, because i'm thinking, well, gee!
If half all the men or each i'd be positive what does that mean about the women are having sex with it.
But and just hopping with guys, their twentys I mean these guys say these women don't care if they use rubbers or not.
This is what guys have been telling me you know and i'm thinking I can't believe that because in this city with all their information, it is just amazing. but people in their companies apparently aren't so I guess it's time for me to become
a priest it's too dangerous I don't know I couldn't believe it.
This woman. I knew I was gonna ask out you have to be Catholic, her sister, the Hiv counselor.
Let's check me, Harvard says you just want to use your owners and all i'm thinking equipment thinking how about you.
Now, don't I mean what are they thinking so what would be I was just really amazed to hear that we're in the twentys, because I figured growing up around here you would know better and in high school, you know they
teach about it something. I thought we got our electricity fixed.
I thought I turned this off so that's really doing Oh, That's what you did just really say right what what is this?
I don't know it's from the radio station. years ago? when I was in Santa Cruz, you know, on Sundays at 10 o'clock.
That's right. a what is it key I don't know at the radio station.
If I saw something they have Brazilian jazz out.
Is there a kksf I don't know what it would. but it was like I went by here last night after 8 left the 10 dropped this person off at home Fox City came back and haven't just noticing the Songs
airplane on the radio, or the exact same song as they were seeing it by any of the blind band.
There. Hmm. should turn on the radiance you don't always sit with them.
Yes, sir, Does that mean any of you? Nope. You translated as in a Romal class.
It was just whatever station it was on, but I would just remember being surprised because I didn't realize I don't know anything about Brazilian music.
You go to the Brazilian club they're singing sounds prayer that gives us a popular stuff.
I guess i'm so used to hearing those songs because I burned for past 3 months. I didn't think anything of it.
But then this guy played sounds for a whole hour. and it was like 80% of those songs that banned the son of that very night.
I think that band's pretty good there Well, they have a different band.
It was an even Brazil. Oh, I went on that Friday night, so maybe it was difficult.
But when did you do that? The dance force, too small in that place?
That was really annoying. Are they teaching any more, Lombarda?
That school. Yeah, because well, my lumber is definitely getting better.
Really, I want to go out one bottle dancing with you and then i'm gonna start dancing with those Brazilian women, so I can learn how to beat my hips. I mean because their hips are beating up against
you, you know, like that bads 100 cycles per second, or something.
I mean I am not kidding. It is a different sensation entirely.
You dancing with them, and an only way to learn how I was advanced with them more.
But I feel like I can start dancing with it but yeah, I don't. They haven't done anything recently. I can't remember, because like so Swain shot that last for 2 months. me and June and is she a good
Lombardic dancer I can't imagine her being Yeah, but I didn't feel like she taught it any different sniffling differently than what it would be in the jaxotic I mean because they are different than Brazilian to do
it. I mean? I don't go What those Brazilian women are doing.
What are they doing? I mean first you had this wide sway of their hips this way, and then it's like they're coming. I mean they're beating me like this I don't even know how you can do that
you're dancing with them. they're beating you just like this, using their hands like that.
No using their pelvic bones right but I tell you but anyway, you know they've aren't teaching it that way, you know, and people don't do it really. But that's what they teach then the teacher go 1 2.
3. Where do they go like really fast like that? Well, sue swing, I mean, which sees it was different, more.
So they do the same thing. We have yeah sure but it's for people who can't move their hips. right?
I mean it's for basic yeah this is the beginning when bought a class or intermediate.
I don't know why they did it that way I mean It seemed to me a very human.
Might as well teach it what they teaching what happened socially could do 2 different things, you know right, Brazilians definitely.
Don't do it like I I should I want to go I should check it out.
I like it because it's fun. May have that I mean actually they still teach above you on Sunday.
Oh, yeah, In fact, I would have gone today and went from my back.
I finally found some people that I can dance. But for that bill, do you need a partner to go there?
Yeah, Besides, you I mean if you're a guy if you're a woman, I mean those guys at the o movie.
You don't necessarily mean in a bad way even though i'm sure there are a few there. i'm not dancing in the garage. All I can say is the women are all over me but I remember like I went there with
this person. it's kind of funny that this person did not want to dance.
Just use a small wire, so everyone's Why, I get a dance, and this line, when I come back.
I mean there was some guy there sitting in my chair every time I got up.
I'm thinking, Bob, he hasn't always any time I mean you turn your back and let somebody move it in. Oh, maybe didn't you come with me Why, so I can find I was I wanted to talk about it by some girls but that'd be cherry thanks to
them, maybe I should go. Okay, Yeah, you guys duty partners well, I don't know if i'd tell you that straight about that woman who went after that guy there.
I told you this story right? How is our Sunday peak?
4 weeks ago, after the class is over with from sit down a table there's a woman who's in a class and 2 men sitting to my right is a table which 2 women there.
They had apparently just come from Obama last night the last night, and i'm like well, I would track a little of the one hand, a real room, sharp spirit.
Anyway, there was this guy in his fiftys out there dancing himself, and was just looking to make an eye that she went out there, got on her knees in front of him in this scourge. This is sure.
Takes her hands, goes along his toes and up, and is just doing like that.
I figured oh, each other oh, very well, that's What I assumed, and they did that for the whole dance. and I mean she was all kind of suggestive stuff and touching them.
Everything people would like cheering and clapping. Oh, board and all this kind of thing!
The song ended, the got to sit down at another table and she sit down, and with her woman friend they never dancing in a recipe.
It's like. So I was thinking. this woman sitting about a 4 away from me is 2 years, and I was saying who this is interesting.
I wonder how long it's gonna take the guys in a club to move in on her?
No sooner did I think this thought Guys were over at what you didn't ask her to dance.
I was still kind of figure out. Surely they must know each other.
I mean. Why, anyway, this guy I mean he comes over there immediately afterwards.
The same guy who got his say. That number is no a random guy who was like sitting about where you are.
Yeah, he was sitting there. There were 2 guys sitting in a table right where you are.
And then these 2 women are sitting here so he comes over there and it's talking with that woman I don't know about what.
But then, like him and his later, she and her friend over at their table, and then, 20 min later, they're kind of like all over each other, kissing, etc. etc.
And I was thinking it looks like these people i'm going home alone to me, but not just allowing that they forbidden so well, maybe I shouldn't go there.
It was interesting. No, I was there before. It was fine. It was really like there before.
I went out there before, not even to I remember a few months ago I used to drive dancing every now.
Well, the thing that gives me I mean the users myself.
I meet the psychotherapist to tell us machines addicted to this Danish or diamonds in the interests of world's philosophical therapist.
You but she's married and apparently she's there without a girl's mother.
She has a waiting ring on and it's like she's with this guy they're kind of like all over each other.
I'm thinking, Well, I guess that's your husband but I was thinking, the thing is, you know she's kind of sophisticating everything.
I'm thinking, you know this guy I can't really believe that guys or husbands.
I don't know what's going on here and of course, later on I find that does not her husband.
So i'm thinking I don't know what's going on here Bizarre concept.
But then she tells me she I don't know what it is about this guy.
Me been trying to tell him I don't want a sexual relationship with him, and i'm thinking from the way they live.
What i've seen in 3 weeks before. I look to me like they have to other people, I mean, maybe that was actually very profound.
Yeah, right. I really was wondering what that gavest thing, and he must have been, says he didn't know her.
That was being quite a shock. I mean you 50 year old guy, and some 20 year old woman comes up doing that to you.
What do you think you think you better go back to your table fast?
Apparently. i'll tell you when i'm 50 what you think? okay? Well, that'd be weird.
Wonder what you look like, if you don't worry about it Okay? Oh, well, 10 o'clock look like it's been time for some folks here.
Yeah, actually it's pretty much bedtime for me Yeah, well, that was good ice for me.
What can I ask for him? Was that Buds pranins and crickets?